how you doing son
marina as commanding officer myself
i only lost one marine
his best friend waited there guarding
his body until it could be extracted you
ever hear that story before son
i always wanted to meet the man that
carried my son off that field
when i got out of the military all i
learned is fighting
but i want you to be different
vic what are you doing here man
paying some bills
i want to give y'all the better stuff
you mind rolling with him
that's travis prince man he just won
brazilian nationals what are you doing
here we gotta fight
there is always some theoretical fighter
who thinks he can take on the pros
i looked in his eyes oh he's got it
[Applause]
he got sucker punched by bling
everybody's gonna want to see a rematch
my flesh made a medal once you clap
hands and go
there's no hiding you about to dance
with the devil that mat is going to
expose every lie and confirm every truth
i needed
[Music]
it's all or nothing come on
you